ok welcome guys I received something in
the mail today and I thought well maybe
it's nice to thank the senator and show
you guys what what I received so I seen
it a lot on YouTube mailbag series so
maybe maybe this is a new Robo seen see
video series mailbag I received this
from Herman Herman from Germany and if
you want to send something is the
address you can send it to so what
Herman has made really is amazing look
at that it's a bolt and enough it's
really really really looking great
really great detail
man it's amazing and it's strong okay
well if you want to see how everyone
makes these check the videos check
follow the link you see in the screen or
you see in the description and pay him a
visit
you